I won't do it for the sake of clinging to the powerful
Divorced from Gu Jingxi
Do you hear me?
You can give up.
It's so good, as expected of Shen Sanyi
Shen Yanzheng, don't be ignorant of good and bad
I let down Miss Sisi's heart
This Shen Yan is really unsure
It seems that the Shen family is about to end
The Gu family is the first wealthy aristocrat in Kyushu
The entire Yuncheng is compared with the Gu family
It's just ants climbing up an elephant's leg.
This Shen Yanzhen fell from the clouds
Hey, at the beginning, look at the crisis
If it weren't for Shen Yanzhen, you would have taken over the power and paid it back
It won't be today
It's a pity that years of hard work have been destroyed
Hear me say
Just a word from me
Can the person who wants to marry me be surrounded in Yunchang?
But I'm not their food
Your eldest lady
Our Shen family never thought that this rich family would eat fish
This is my own idea
Needless to say
I'll make you proud to review a little bit
Then they were removed symmetrically.
When the time comes, you will kneel and marry me
I see how long you can last
You dare to touch her
It's so lively!
Qishu music world topped the list
Song God Li Hanzhao
I, Lan's Media, spent a lot of money to hire him many times
Didn't even see
Mr. Li, why don't you know me?